Remove policies and point to places where things are (#12)
NASA-Openscapes/2i2cAccessPolicies: README.md

# 2i2c Access Policies for NASA Openscapes Users

> This repository is a place for us to develop draft policies for NASA-Openscapes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is a place for us to develop draft policies for NASA-Openscapes, originally drafted by Erin Robinson.
```

The current version of our access policies can be found in the [Earthdata Cloud Cookbook](https://nasa-openscapes.github.io/earthdata-cloud-cookbook/policies-admin/).

## Scripts and tools
We also use this repository to store code we use to help understand and implement
our policies:

- Archive user directories: 
  - [Data Storage Policy](https://nasa-openscapes.github.io/earthdata-cloud-cookbook/policies-admin/data-policies.html)
  - [Python script](scripts/archive-home-dirs.py) and [documentation](https://nasa-openscapes.github.io/earthdata-cloud-cookbook/policies-admin/data-policies.html)
- Monitoring cloud usage costs:
  - [Policy](https://nasa-openscapes.github.io/earthdata-cloud-cookbook/policies-admin/#monitoring-cloud-usage-costs)
  - Automated report (coming soon)

## GitHub Discussions
We’re using [Discussions](https://github.com/NASA-Openscapes/2i2cAccessPolicies/discussions) as a place to connect with other members of our community. We hope that you:

- Ask questions you’re wondering about.
- Share ideas.
- Engage with other community members.
- Welcome others and are open-minded. Remember that this is a community we build together 💪.

> The thread [What's happening on the NASA Openscapes Hub!?](https://github.com/NASA-Openscapes/2i2cAccessPolicies/discussions/2) is a great place to share the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**What's happening on the NASA Openscapes Hub!?**](https://github.com/NASA-Openscapes/2i2cAccessPolicies/discussions/2) - please share stories big and small about your experiences using the Hub for science and teaching. These stories are important to communicate the value of hosting cloud resources so that we can continue to do so. Thank you!
```
